excuse me
may i sit here yeah sure
my name is archie i'm linda
linda what a lovely name what are you
doing here all by yourself
i'm having a break what do you do for a
living may i ask
i'm the personal assistant to a lawyer
do you like your job
sometimes i do sometimes i don't are
your working conditions good
yes the salary is good i work from 9am
to 4pm
and i have two days off every week and
the office is very comfortable
do you have any promotion prospects no i
don't think so
do you attend training courses yes
sometimes what do you do
i am a photographer for travel magazines
wow that sounds great
do you mean a lot of people i meet
people from all walks of life
i can show you my portfolio and maybe we
could
linda excuse me uh you left your mobile
in the office and miranda didn't know
how to reach you
she's going crazy what's the matter it's
a priority
miss adams is in london and someone must
escort her
unfortunately i'm busy so you should
take her out to dinner
i've already booked a table for two at
the japanese restaurant in charlotte
street
you know tottenham court road good
street tube station
sorry i have to do this hope to see you
again
mom can i come in oh lucy good timing i
just switched off my pc and i'm ready
to have lunch with you me too i'm hungry
let's go then we usually we have no time
to talk
oh can i make a phone call before we
leave yes sure thanks
hi this is lucy fraser i'd like to talk
to mr gatti
please roberto
this is lucy fraser i'm calling to check
the delivery of an order placed last
month
the order number is nj566
there's a delay in the delivery
i s i see so the order is divided into
two shipments
okay the second shipment is still in
transit
now i need to know if the goods can be
delivered before the weekend
this is a big inconvenience
sure i would appreciate that i'll give
you my mobile phone number
so that you can get back to me at any
time okay
zero seven two three three
eight two three three four four
okay thank you roberto goodbye
oh honey you must be starving here is a
nice
toasted sandwich for you kind of you and
here's an orange juice
and hot coffee great we use state of the
art equipment now
a toaster juicer and a coffee maker
oh god it's late okay time to switch off
the laptop and go home
where's my cell phone
it's not under the files
stay calm miranda this desk is a mess no
wonder i always lose things
it's not in the drawer aha
there you are behind the laptop where i
can't see you of course
i can't leave everything like this okay
[Applause]
pens everywhere and when i need one i
can never find one
they can go in the drawer
these papers are important
okay staple them all together
or i'll end up losing something
important
okay stapler
[Applause]
great i'm out of staples okay
make a note for linda by
staples
i'll just use this paper clip for now
[Applause]
all right that's a little better
i can actually see the desk again may i
come in mrs cunningham
yes of course linda come in come in miss
adams is here
miss adams who is she an american woman
from the isle of wight
she says it's her first appointment
it says here she's got a hotel in cos
and she wants to file a lawsuit against
a company called
beautiful bathrooms she purchased some
faulty showers from them for her hotel
oh yes i remember miss adams send her in
miss adams this is miranda cunningham
how do you do
how do you do miranda yes and this of
course is linda
my secretary and precious personal
assistant pleased to meet you
and you thank you linda so
as i said on the telephone i have got a
hotel in cos and i have recently changed
the bathrooms
what's the name of the hotel oh please
have a seat
oh
warm and happy what can i do for you hi
this is miranda cunningham i would like
to talk to the customer
service yes how can i help
this is miranda cunningham are you all
right
no i'm not all right we are freezing
the heating system is not working i'll
send someone in the afternoon or
tomorrow morning
make it this afternoon as i said we are
freezing
this is a legal firm and we have a lot
of taxing work to do
and it's anything but easy at this
temperature
yeah i called yesterday to explain the
situation and
i say you don't have to see you have to
come
what is your name please i
am matthew peacock
mr peacock if things are not put right
straight away i will make a complaint to
your superiors
good morning
let me give it another try
hi this is rose hi this is miranda
cunningham
listen we have had no heating since
monday
i called yesterday and today but i'm
terribly sorry to hear that mrs
cunningham
tell me more about what happened so that
i can solve your problem well there's
very little to say
the heating system is not working and we
tried to fix it but to no avail
i understand let me apologize for the
inconvenience
i'll send someone to settle the matter
right away
you can't imagine how happy i am to hear
that
well we have a good working relationship
but i am just the secretary
and miranda constantly reminds me that
she's the boss
i'm always here early because i
absolutely have to clock in by nine
o'clock
so i usually get to work around 8 45
just in case but miranda arrives late
all the time and nobody says anything of
course
no i don't work fixed hours and
sometimes i stay in the office
after work because we have to meet
deadlines so it can be very stressful
it's okay but most of the time i do
routine tasks i
file documents answer the phone reply to
emails
so i'm usually stuck behind a desk
it can be
morning linda good morning i never
managed to get here on time
traffic is so bad this time of the
morning
i'm surprised you're always so punctual
you get to work early
what time do you leave your house in the
morning usually around 20 past
eight i take the tube it's quite quick
but once or twice a week i drive to work
so i leave the house around eight
o'clock because there can be a lot
do we have today's newspaper yes read me
my horoscope let's see what the week is
like
scorpio work control your sharp tongue
today
try not to be too critical and severe is
there anything about love
love you usually say things that upset
or offend people
what do you think i'm tactless
you want me to continue no no thank you
linda just a cup of coffee thanks
[Applause]
sorry for bursting in like this but
there's a very attractive man in
reception and he says he's here to fix
the coffee machine
we'll end it's not broken it works
perfectly well and we still have plenty
of paper cups
stirrers white and brown sugar coffee
and even two types of tea
well so then tell them that we don't
need anything and the machine works just
fine
but he's here now and he's very
attractive and i thought perhaps we
could have him
check the machine just in case i see
well perhaps we could spice up the day a
bit let him in
certainly thanks
this is mrs cunningham the boss good
afternoon
hi troy yeah i'm here to repair the
coffee machine
sold in the cells and what is it we also
have one of your vending machines with
chocolates and biscuits
you see linda and i have a sweet tooth
but we also have certain dietary
requirements icing some of my clients
are allergic to wheat
and some are vegans liz is a vegetarian
aren't you linda
yes yes i am so is it possible to have
some wheat free snacks
and some that are suitable for vegans as
well well i'm not sure i'm just a
technician
i repair the machines well perhaps we
can have them send us a brochure
with the products sure and the coffee
machine
no problem it works just fine but
perhaps there is a small problem with
the hot chocolate
it tends to be a bit watery is there any
way to make it creamier
let's have a look linda why don't you
show troy where the machine is
of course mrs cunningham
[Music]
well i'm sorry to say that there are
quite a few mistakes in this report of
yours
mistakes are you sure yes
but linda can type it again right sure
she can but
i'm a bit worried about her you know why
linda is a high flyer but these days
she's working too much and she's making
some embarrassing mistakes
such as well such as sending an email to
mr scorn instead of mrs scoring
you know that couple going through the
troublesome divorce can you imagine that
i see linda is a nice girl
but she is probably overworked underpaid
and frustrated are you seeing them
treating her badly
no i just think that maybe she has too
much to do
and she needs less work and more
motivation
what do you suggest find another
secretary
are you joking she handles my phone
calls
she writes emails she deals with the
clients and she speaks both german and
spanish fluently
i can't imagine working without her
right i know
it's hard without a good secretary so
try and do something to make her feel
more motivated
motivation and job satisfaction are at
the basis of everything
for instance give her something
different to do
and ask for her opinion from time to
time
a pay rise is also a good idea sure
a pay rise is always a nice way to get
what you want from an employee
what time is it 3 30.
good let me see if there is anything
left to do ah yes miranda left me this
paper to retype what is it the scorns
divorce papers
help they are full of mistakes
i'm afraid miranda is not very satisfied
with my work
maybe i can find another job with
better benefits and a higher salary too
there are many vacancies on the internet
i can send a letter of application with
my cv
and see if i get a job interview
good morning so you are linda
linda hardy right right i am linda hardy
nice to meet you
tell me about yourself i am the personal
assistant to miranda cunningham
i have over five years experience and
i'm particularly skilled
in public relations i know your company
and i'm very impressed with your
innovative approach
i would like to be a part of your team
that sounds convincing
what do you think are your weak points
hmm keeping cool under pressure perhaps
but with my years of experience
i'm getting quite good at dealing with
stressful situations
is your employer satisfied with your job
performance
oh help what a question
not always dropping coffee on a very
important document is never a good idea
no i cannot say that
at present my boss often tells me she's
very happy with my work
phew after this interview i'm feeling
quite hungry
i need a nice hot cup of tea
and a sandwich too
hi this is miranda cunningham can i
speak to lawrence please
miranda it is me nice to hear from you
what can i do for you
i'm calling to arrange a meeting with
you we need to talk about mr and mrs
divorce there are some problems with
property division
can we make an appointment right away
certainly
what is convenient for you how about
tuesday morning at
11 sorry i'm typed up
all day on tuesday sometime on wednesday
morning
what about wednesday at 10 that's fine
by me
let me take note of that in my diary
maybe it would be better to meet in my
office this time
i mean your office is fine i know the
old mahogany desk belonged to your
grandfather remus and the green
armchairs to your aunt evelyn
but our meeting room has a huge table
comfortable chairs and last but not
least a vending machine that makes much
better tea
first of all i want to thank you both
for helping me with tomorrow's
presentation
it's going to be a difficult meeting and
i'm nervous about it
okay here it goes
good morning everyone if we are all here
let's get started
hello brittany uh
okay that's fine
sure we can go to dinner tonight i'll
pick you up at 7
sharp
yes so do i
bye sorry my sister
no my cousin family matters
where was i
i'd like to welcome you all i would like
to introduce al
from the human resources office and may
i also introduce my personal assistant
linda
i'm sorry i had to call this meeting at
such a short notice
we are all here to discuss some urgent
financial problems
the main objective of this meeting is to
cut expenses
i'm sorry to have to say it but it is
time to tighten our belts
now did you all receive a copy of
today's agenda
there are four items on the agenda all
of them deal
with possible areas we have identified
for potential cuts
if you don't mind i think it's best if
we take the points
in order linda is going to take the
minutes
yes sure lunch break is at 12 30
and the meeting is going to finish at 4
p.m is that okay for everybody
fine sure yes any questions before we
start
oh sorry one last thing
please switch off your mobile phones
thank you
sure how did i do
i am my i have
dark brow hair or i can say my hair
is dark brown for you and your
you have the fashionable blouse or we
can say
your blouse is fashionable
we and our we have three expensive
cars or you can say our three cars are
expensive
they and there they have an
intelligent dog or i can say their dog
is intelligent
he and his he has a really nice
apartment
or his apartment is really nice
she and her she hasn't
sorry she has adorable children or we
can say her children are adorable
and the last one it has a pretty long
tail
or we can say its tail is pretty long
i took this photo myself
i took this photo myself beautiful
is it this is okay is it your
favorite coffee shop
beautiful is it your favorite coffee
shop beautiful
is it your favorite coffee shop okay the
situation is like this
i went to my favorite coffee shop and
then i
took the picture there and then uh
i showed to my friend that okay this is
the photo that i took
and then my friend looked that photo and
then she said oh beautiful
and she asked me is it your favorite
coffee shop
okay now yup
it was half past four
that time have passed four that means
4 30 okay half past
four that time
yep it was half past four at that time
so
it was quite quiet
quiet that means fairly and quiet
that means silent no noise okay
quite quiet sorry quite quiet so it was
quite
quiet yeah it was half past four at that
time
so it was quite quiet yeah
it was half past for that time so it was
quite quiet
good aisle i'll go there
there sometime sometime that means like
one day in the future good i'll go there
sometime
again i took this photo myself
beautiful is it your favorite coffee
shop
yep it was half past four at that time
so it was quite quiet
good i'll go there sometime what did you
do
on your vacation vacation that means
holiday okay
what did you do on your vacation well
i visited i visited this is the past so
we say
visit it okay i visited london
you know i love traveling
well i visited london you know
i love traveling great
which this is which countries
have you been which countries
have you been i've been to
several countries like
canada india and thailand
okay um this is th but this is uh okay
the country so
uh we don't pronounce this one as
thailand this is tea okay thailand
one more time what did you do on your
vacation
well i visited london you know i love
traveling
great what countries have which
countries have you been
i've been to several countries like
canada india and thailand
though though and this one
you know the same although although the
same meaning
okay look at the example though my
brother
is short he is really handsome
uh okay like the difference
uh one is short and one is handsome so
you know they are contrast right
so we use those to show the contrast
though my brother is short he's
really handsome sorry handsome
number two this one
thought thought if it is a noun
it means something you think and
thought if it is the past simple form
it is the passive form of the verb think
to think
okay so that is thought
thought i haven't
thought about that i haven't thought
about that
that means i never think about that i
haven't thought about that
number three
this is the i know this one is very
difficult to pronounce
thread just like three
through through
through okay through
so through usually through
it is a preposition it usually goes
with other verbs to form uh
phrasal verbs to form different meaning
for example here
hope that we all get through
the exams get through the exams that
mean to pass the exams
sarah for british english
we pronounce thera for american english
we say verbo thorough okay
thorough or thorough but i usually say
thera thera if a person
is a thera that means
that person does think very
carefully and with great attention to
detail
very very careful okay
sarah she she's uh you can say
she's a very thorough
woman she's a very thorough woman
rough okay rough that means
we usually talk about service for
example
the table service the road service the
floor something like that
or maybe your skin for example like
uh if you talk about rough rough that
mean
not even not regular
or not smooth so rough
here for example my skin remember skin
skin okay my skin
is quite that means pretty
quite rough and hard rough
not smooth and hard that means
not soft okay my skin
is quite rough and hard for number six
uh i think a lot of people might know
this one
but it is not but it's not you know like
or something like this this is ah okay
cough cough for british english
and for american english corf corf
cafe or corf the same um
that is a verb or noun
if it is a noun for example when you are
sick
or when you have a code you're like this
so that is corf okay
cough or cough our mom
has had a curve
for a week okay for
link them together for a week hada
had a cough had a cough for a week
has had our mom has hadou
sorry our mom has had a court for a week
that means
a week ago she had she
started half the court but and
right now she still have the corpse okay
so
that is our mom has had a court
for a week shh is unvoiced
sound without vibration
and the voiced sound
with vibration here
uh i have to say that these two cells
are so beautiful
and if you can make these cells
correctly
in english people would think that your
pronunciation is so good and your
speaking
skill is wonderful you know very classy
um now if you want to make these cells
correctly there are two three things
that you need to remember
um now we are going to study
about this cell first
the first thing is your teeth
your upper teeth and lower teeth
are close together uh the second one
your lips your lips flare
round shape like this
and the third one very important
the blade of your tongue here is the tip
here is the blade um
now you have to lift the blade of your
tongue up
okay and the tip is just under
the upper teeth and then you make
a regular airflow through your tongue
and your teeth shh
can you wash the clothes after you
finish your homework
sure just put them into the washing
machine right
yeah but those shoes and white shirts
should be hand washed
got it